Update readme.md (#6)
malob/nix-review-tools-reports: readme.md

I'd like this to be a useful resource to the Nix community, as such, contributions and feedback are very welcome. Feel free to open an issue if you encounter a bug, have a feature request, or just want to provide some other type of feedback.

I'll do my best to fix bugs promptly, but can't guarantee I'll have the time to implement new features, etc. However, I'd certainly be happy to review/merge PRs with new features and improvements.

If there's a jobset you think would be valuable to add to the site, let me know by opening an issue, or better yet, submit a PR with the jobset added as a new job in [gen-reports.yml](https://github.com/malob/nix-review-tools-reports/blob/master/.github/workflows/gen-reports.yml).

## Technical details

Code for this project is on GitHub at [malob/nix-review-tools-reports](https://github.com/malob/nix-review-tools-reports). The site itself is hosted using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com), which uses [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com) to automatically generate a static site based on the contents of the repository.

> Scripts used to generate/manage the site contents are located in [flake.nix](https://github.com/malob/nix-review-tools-reports/blob/master/flake.nix), which also includes a `devShell` output that creates a shell environment that contains said scripts, along with `ruby` (which includes `bundler`) required for local development of the Jekyll site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scripts used to generate/manage the site's contents are located in [flake.nix](https://github.com/malob/nix-review-tools-reports/blob/master/flake.nix), which also includes a `devShell` output that creates a shell environment that contains said scripts, along with `ruby` (which includes `bundler`) required for local development of the Jekyll site.
```

If a report for the latest evaluation of a jobset,

> * hasn't been generated yet, it's created and added to the site by pushing a new commit and adding the new report to the [_posts/](https://github.com/malob/nix-review-tools-reports/tree/master/_posts) directory;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* hasn't been generated yet, it's created and added to the site by pushing a new commit which adds the new report to the [_posts/](https://github.com/malob/nix-review-tools-reports/tree/master/_posts) directory;
```
